hey Internet am sorry there wasn't a
video yesterday it was a weird mix of
like depressing news headlines and I
didn't have a lot of vlog footage but
today is a new day I'm on my way to hang
out with Sam Scheffer
and then tomorrow I'm actually putting
out a new episode of that creative life
so hopefully the Saturday video will
make up for the new vlog yesterday so
time to head out into the world look at
how delicious this pizza is guys I'm
here with damn destroy this pizza
talking you to your life 4:00 in the
morning and then I was like forget about
me but the daily grind is really the
best thing you can do is just keep on
looking like someone that we both know
said once upon a time just peanut
uploading just
my body do you feel about it I'm really
a fall to the piece is so good so I'm
cutting into my stone for it so Twitter
pro tip if you want to find your old
tweets search for your handle first and
then type in any keywords so if you're
like I want to see when I was tired you
would type in your handle and tire it's
a really probably the best way to search
through your own
Sam wants to tandem boosted board no no
we're going to tandem loose I don't know
how I feel about you right goofy though
that's fine see I'm I'm a normal rider I
can write a few if you ride with your
left foot floor that's normal you ride
with your right foot that's goofy Sam is
goofy survives on a booster every day I
hear the famous Sam Sheppard balcony and
we're gonna talk about snapchat because
they just let out a big update and I'm
gonna talk apps and the future of all
this stuff because you all have opinions
people think snapchat is ruins do you
think snapchat is ruined I think that
people that say that snapchat is ruin
literally have not used the new update
yet so there's nothing to go off there
just kind of speculating as someone who
has use memories I mean yes it's
snapchat has changed it is not
it's the verb of relationship it's a
very tumblr thing so it's we will say
people will literally say like like like
Taylor Swift and yeah you would say I
should do you guys know what shipping
means please someone comment saying they
have no idea what this whole siren was
not alone we're gonna talk mainly
snapchat because it's not try just
rolled out and insane update and it's
called memories in 30 seconds
snapchat memories is a new way to I
think it's like store and share or send
and share or save and share snaps and
basically what memories is is a way for
snapchat to replace the camera roll cat
snapchat wants you as a user to only
take pictures and share photos inside
snapchat so you have a collection with
this new update you will have a
collection of all of your snaps and all
of your photos on your camera roll built
into snapchat where you can access them
post them to your story that's right you
can post photos and video that you
already took that you have on your phone
to your story and snapchat wants you to
use that media and share with insights
and I think that was about there's this
amazing and he also he made an awesome
video I'll link it down below it
explains all of this
but I think that I would talk about it
so many people and mainly gone to the
Vatican bandwagon this Brewin center
because snapchat originally was all
about the moment I have access to
memories I have used it it's a great
product when you upload a snap to your
story that is older than 24 hours it
shows that the story is all by putting a
white border around it snapchat is very
deliberate at saying this is not
something that was in the moment but
it's fine everyone's attention is on
this is a way to keep your attention on
snapchat they don't want you going to
your camera they don't want you taking
pictures on your good this is the way
that you're never gonna leave your cell
but I mean it's a really like but what
change like people on snapchat some
bruit what's ruined about it okay so you
have access to your snaps your saved
snaps and you have access to your camera
with inside snapchat
that's great that'll encourage more
sharing that's cool and what so you can
post to your story now with a first of
all that that has been requested I have
talked to so many people that use
snapchat they're like I want to be able
to why can't you post from your camera
why can you because all those
third-party apps that do you think you
can do a thin snap shot and even you
know say you don't like that feature
what's cool about it is like that leaves
room for other apps to come in and
innovate in that space because you have
apps like beam beam from a doob we all
love you know they're all about sharing
and like without lugging without being
able to see what's on being able to see
what's on your street and so you know
with this update maybe there's a space
for being to do something cool for
people really get more curious about
that fun what what what I think beam has
that special we talked about so earlier
also is video reactions and it's like
the plans that snapchat probably has
just for the next three years in the
hood are just and it's like they knew
there was no way to monetize anything
and now there's it was smart for them to
not I mean they're they're they're
reportedly doing 150 million uniques a
day it would not surprise me if that
number was closer to like 200 250 and in
you know by end of 2017 they were doing
like four or five hundred million ashes
a day I mean snapchats not going
anywhere and and what's really
interesting really really interesting
about snapchat is how much it's been
adopted by brands as well as celebrities
compassion I mean Justin Bieber all the
sort of verified people on snapchat like
that they have snapchat has caught fire
with the celebrities in a way that I
think is almost as substantial as what
the verification and the whole like
Twitter celebrity thing is in center is
still so young and there's there's no
vanity either you can't even see how
many followers you have the only thing
you can see is sad chapters what is the
engagement that matters that you you see
these people who buy followers and have
two hundred thousand dollars of
instrument like two hundred
and it's like they're getting these like
tea deals just because they heard and
it's like the people who have companies
are in business out there I don't know
why rush maybe watch my videos look at
the engagement the engagement it's so
clear it's like oh wow
like 40k Instagram you're getting like
you said like 200 likes like forever
to wrap it up one sentence what do you
think snapchat is doing right Evan & Co
started snapchat when he was 21 22
something like that and when you have
someone that age that is so ingrained in
the product that understands the product
that has data of hundreds of millions
billions of photos and videos hundreds
of millions of users he has access to
him and his team have access to the data
and they're able to analyze it and see
use or trends and whatever else you do
with data I think that their deliberate
decisions and the levers they pull and
the levers they choose to not touch is
extremely smart
regardless snapchat is killing it and
they're gonna snap that's gonna be
around for a lot Burlington awesome chat
with Sam I love talking shop I'm sorry
if this wasn't super interesting to
everyone but I love talking about just
social media the future of it where it's
going so it's fun thank you Sam just
made an awesome video about snapchat
memories so I want you to go watch it
it's linked and then the script below so
happy Friday have a fantastic weekend
next week of course I'll be back with
the daily vlogs but I'm doing this
special live-streaming week I'm
streaming from a different platform
every single day so like Monday it'll be
periscope Tuesday will be Facebook live
me you now because I really want to fill
out this live streaming see what you
guys like the best and yeah cuz I want
to get into live stream or there's just
so many options
there until next time stay peachy you
guys Rock okay